API-driven inbound provisioning/README.md, before:

# Read me

All code in this folder is related to working with API-driven inbound provisioning.

I'll suggest reading the following blog post as it explains how the code is used:

[API-Driven User Provisioning Blog Posts](https://www.christianfrohn.dk/tag/api-driven-user-provisioning/)

## Table of Contents

### JSON
- [JSONpayload-withExtAttribute.json](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/JSONpayload-withExtAttribute.json) - JSON payload file to update custom attribute mapping (Sample is extensionAttribute1)
- [JSONpayload-withmanager.json](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/JSONpayload-withmanager.json) - JSON payload file to update manager of a user in Active Directory
- [JSONpayload.json](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/JSONpayload.json) - Default JSON payload to create/update a user

### PowerShell
- [UploadUserDataToTheInboundProvisioningAPI-WithJSON.ps1](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/UploadUserDataToTheInboundProvisioningAPI-WithJSON.ps1) - Sample to send JSON to the API-driven inbound provisioning service
- [UploadUserDataToTheInboundProvisioningAPI.ps1](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/UploadUserDataToTheInboundProvisioningAPI.ps1) - Sample to send payload (without JSON payload in it)
- [CreateUserFromHRDBWithAPIProv.ps1](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/CreateUserFromHRDBWithAPIProv.ps1) - Script to create a user from HR database with API provisioning

### SQL
- [CreateAndInsertData-API-Driven-Sample.SQL](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/CreateAndInsertData-API-Driven-Sample.SQL) - SQL script to create and insert data for API-driven provisioning
- [CreateTableForAPI-Driven.sql](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/CreateTableForAPI-Driven.sql) - SQL script to create table for API-driven provisioning

### KQL
- [GetAllCreatedUserFromAPIDrivenUserProv.kql](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/GetAllCreatedUserFromAPIDrivenUserProv.kql) - KQL query to get all created users from API-driven user provisioning

Commit message:

Add disclaimer to README.md for API-driven inbound provisioning

API-driven inbound provisioning/README.md, after:

# Read me

All code in this folder is related to working with API-driven inbound provisioning.

I'll suggest reading the following blog post as it explains how the code is used:

[API-Driven User Provisioning Blog Posts](https://www.christianfrohn.dk/tag/api-driven-user-provisioning/)

## Disclaimer

The code and documentation in this repository are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Use at your own risk.

## Table of Contents

### JSON
- [JSONpayload-withExtAttribute.json](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/JSONpayload-withExtAttribute.json) - JSON payload file to update custom attribute mapping (Sample is extensionAttribute1)
- [JSONpayload-withmanager.json](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/JSONpayload-withmanager.json) - JSON payload file to update manager of a user in Active Directory
- [JSONpayload.json](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/JSONpayload.json) - Default JSON payload to create/update a user

### PowerShell
- [UploadUserDataToTheInboundProvisioningAPI-WithJSON.ps1](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/UploadUserDataToTheInboundProvisioningAPI-WithJSON.ps1) - Sample to send JSON to the API-driven inbound provisioning service
- [UploadUserDataToTheInboundProvisioningAPI.ps1](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/UploadUserDataToTheInboundProvisioningAPI.ps1) - Sample to send payload (without JSON payload in it)
- [CreateUserFromHRDBWithAPIProv.ps1](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/CreateUserFromHRDBWithAPIProv.ps1) - Script to create a user from HR database with API provisioning

### SQL
- [CreateAndInsertData-API-Driven-Sample.SQL](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/CreateAndInsertData-API-Driven-Sample.SQL) - SQL script to create and insert data for API-driven provisioning
- [CreateTableForAPI-Driven.sql](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/CreateTableForAPI-Driven.sql) - SQL script to create table for API-driven provisioning

### KQL
- [GetAllCreatedUserFromAPIDrivenUserProv.kql](https://github.com/ChrFrohn/Entra-ID/blob/main/API-driven%20inbound%20provisioning/GetAllCreatedUserFromAPIDrivenUserProv.kql) - KQL query to get all created users from API-driven user provisioning
